# Disclaimer

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE BY USING OUR SERVICES YOU ARE INTERACTING WITH SMART CONTRACTS AND YOU ASSUME ALL RISK AND LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF ANY SMART CONTRACTS. OUR SERVICES AND ANY SMART CONTRACTS, SOFTWARE CODE, DOCUMENTATION, INFORMATION OR ALL CONTENT ON OR ACCESSIBLE FROM OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. ALTHOUGH WE USE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO ENSURE OUR SERVICES ARE SECURE AND FUNCTION AS INTENDED, OUR SERVICES RELY ON EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES SUCH AS SMART CONTRACTS, DIGITAL TOKENS AND COMMUNICATION OVER THE INTERNET. SPECIFICALLY, BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (I) THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH OUR SERVICES IS FREE OF ERRORS; (II) THE FUNCTIONS OR SERVICES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION MECHANISMS FOR INTERACTING WITH SMART CONTRACTS AND THE DOWNLOADING AND TRANSMITTING CONTENT) PROVIDED BY OUR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR FREE OF ERRORS; (III) DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (IV) THAT ANY SERVERS ON WHICH OUR SOFTWARE IS HOSTED ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. \
\
BY USING THE OUR SMART CONTRACTS YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH USING CRYPTOGRAPHIC AND BLOCKCHAIN-BASED TECHNOLOGIES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE DO NOT OPERATE ANY BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL, COMMUNICATE OR EXECUTE PROTOCOL UPGRADES, OR APPROVE OR PROCESS BLOCKCHAIN TRANSACTIONS ON YOUR BEHALF. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOLS PRESENT THEIR OWN RISKS OF USE, THAT SUPPORTING OR PARTICIPATING IN THE PROTOCOL MAY RESULT IN LOSSES IF YOUR PARTICIPATION VIOLATES CERTAIN PROTOCOL RULES, THAT BLOCKCHAIN-BASED TRANSACTIONS ARE IRREVERSIBLE, THAT YOUR PRIVATE KEY AND SECRET RECOVERY PHRASE MUST BE KEPT SECRET AT ALL TIMES, THAT WE WILL NOT STORE A BACKUP OF, NOR WILL BE ABLE TO DISCOVER OR RECOVER, YOUR PRIVATE KEY OR SECRET RECOVERY PHRASE. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY APPROVALS OR PERMISSIONS YOU PROVIDE BY CRYPTOGRAPHICALLY SIGNING BLOCKCHAIN MESSAGES OR TRANSACTIONS, ESPECIALLY THOSE RESPONDING TO SOLICITATIONS AND OTHER PROMPTS FROM THIRD PARTIES. ADDITIONALLY, WE RECOMMEND CHECKING WHETHER A SMART CONTRACT IS ENFORCEABLE IN YOUR JURISDICTION, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT USE OF ANY SMART CONTRACT IS PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW AND NOTHING IN OUR SMART CONTRACTS OR OTHERWISE IN THE REPOSITORY THAT INCLUDES OUR SMART CONTRACTS SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS LEGAL, INVESTMENT, TAX, SECURITIES OR FINANCIAL ADVICE.
